Clarify kubelet service configuration (#23528)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/setup-ha-etcd-with-kubeadm.md

{{< /note >}}

> 1. Configure the kubelet to be a service manager for etcd. This must be done on all nodes.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think you do need to reconfigure the kubelet on every node; just on the hosts that are running the control plane (the page uses the word “node” in a misleading way, I think; in Kubernetes, _node_ usually means a computer that the scheduler can place Pods onto for execution). 

You could write this as:
```suggestion
1. Configure the kubelet to be a service manager for etcd.
  
   {{< note >}}You must do this on every host where etcd is running.{{< /note >}}
```

Author: Agreed.

> 1. Configure the kubelet to be a service manager for etcd. (This needs to be done on all nodes.)

Reviewer 2: Please change this to:
"... etcd. This must be done on all nodes.
